it is often those we live with and love
the ones we care about the most
who elude us
even now when I look back on the Montana
of my youth I long to understand what
happened there and why
what do you want to be here you go up
minister I guess what are you gonna be
first or flying fishermen there's no
such thing my brother Paul and I grew up
in a time when the land was still
untouched Montana day 3 things were
never late for church work and fishing
it was a world of wonder and possibility
I'm in love with Jessie burns with all
the fish in the river I'm not like her
but it was a tough world - we're picking
your brother up too much like me why
people need the malls help
won't take it I know how we go down in
history I understand he's changed the
spelling of our name want you to know I
can help boys what have you done you're
dead up your damn neck I'm fine
from boys to men
the world is alabaster's the number
increasing rapidly the further one gets
from missoula in life and in love
all memories become one
and a river runs through it from Academy
award-winning director Robert Redford
comes the classic story of an American
family
you